Document release note for change on buildkit sessionAffinity default value (#374)
okteto/docs: src/content/self-hosted/administration/configuration.mdx

- `persistence.storageClass`: The storage class of the persistence volume attached to every buildkit pod.
- `persistence.size`: The size of the persistence volume attached to every buildkit pod. Defaults to `750Gi`.
- `persistence.cache`: The size (in Mi) of the buildkit cache to store image caches. It should be around 30Gi smaller than `storage.size`. Defaults to 500Gi.

> - `service.sessionAffinity`: The `sessionAffinity` setting for the buildkit service. Empty by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `service.sessionAffinity`: The [sessionAffinity](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/networking/virtual-ips/#session-affinity) setting for the buildkit service. `None` by default.
```
